README.md, before:

# Next.js + Tailwind CSS Example

This example shows how to use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) (v2.1) with Next.js. It follows the steps outlined in the official [Tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/nextjs).

It uses the new [`Just-in-Time Mode`](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/just-in-time-mode) for Tailwind CSS.

## Preview

Preview the example live on [StackBlitz](http://stackblitz.com/):

[![Open in StackBlitz](https://developer.stackblitz.com/img/open_in_stackblitz.svg)](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss)

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss&project-name=with-tailwindcss&repository-name=with-tailwindcss)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

Commit message:

correct project name in package.json, update README

README.md, after:

# with-core-libs

This project is made to be used with [create-next-app](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/create-next-app) to quickly create a new project with my main libraries installed and configured.
These libraries are:

- [next](https://nextjs.org/)
- [react](https://reactjs.org/)
- [prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- [stylelint](https://stylelint.io/)
- [d3](https://d3js.org/)
- [recoil](https://recoiljs.org/)
- [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)
- [jest](https://jestjs.io/) _WIP_
- [react testing library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/) _WIP_

## How to use

```
npx create-next-app -e https://github.com/vuldin/with-core-libs new-project
```

## Related VSCode extensions

`prettier` and `stylelint` work best in VSCode with their related extensions installed.

```
code --install-extension esbenp.prettier-vscode
code --install-extension stylelint.vscode-stylelint
```

Make the following in the `settings.json` for VSCode:
```
{
  "css.validate": false,
  "stylelint.enable": true
}
```
